_
Hey! Stop!
Somebody stop that kid!
Hey. get back here!
[ Tires screech ]
- Man: Get in.
- Get back!
Guy's nuts.
Tried to steal my sister's purse.
[ Panting ]
You stole the purse. Jacob.
Like the credit cards
and the Pontiac.
How do you know my name?
I'm surprised
you haven't stolen more.
considering the situation
with your foster home.
You know.
we've been watching you. Jacob.
We may have
an opportunity for you.
Who are you?
W-what is this?
According to our research.
you have
some remarkable talents.
You want the purse?
Take the purse.
You ever stop to think
that the reason
you have trouble relating
to other people
is because you're special?
That it's not you.
it's everyone else that's the problem?
That's not what
social services says.
Good old social services...
Bureaucrats trained
in missing the point.
We believe that
your delinquent inclinations
are exactly what makes you
invaluable.
It takes a certain kind
of courage.
What are you talking about...
A job. a school?
What is all this stuff?
I told you. we have an opportunity.
if you're willing to take it...
If you're smart enough
to take it.
It's your choice. Jacob.
You can get out
and go back to the life
you've always known.
or you can take a ride with me.
and I can tell you
how to leave this life behind.
I can help you become anything.
Sync. corrected by icephoenix
www.addic7ed.com
_
Hey. Aram said
you were looking for me.
Come in.
Close the door.
What's going on?
An assistant U.S. attorney
here in D.C.
has impaneled a grand jury.
He's looking into the death
of lieutenant Eugene Ames...
A former harbormaster.
I just got off the phone
with Detective Wilcox.
We discussed the target
of his investigation.
- You.
- Apparently. you encountered the victim
the day he disappeared...
Drew down on the man.
fed him some story
about searching for fugitives
out of Cumberland Prison.
There were no fugitives.
No.
When Wilcox confronted you.
you changed your story.
Said you were there
on official business.
They even had a witness.
but the guy recanted.
Now Agent Cooper's
been subpoenaed
to corroborate your story.
They want to ask him under oath
if you're lying.
We all know that
you weren't at that marina
in your official capacity
as a member of this task force.
So. you want to tell me
why the hell you were there?
I can't.
You're the target of
a federal murder investigation.
You really think the best choice
at this point is to shut me out?
You're right.
I didn't tell Wilcox the truth.
But I am telling you the truth
when I say I didn't kill anyone.
Look. Meera was dead.
You were in the hospital.
I did what I thought
was necessary to stop Berlin.
That's all I'm willing to say.
You'll say far less than that.
Agent Keen.
I've filed a motion
to quash the subpoena.
Only 41 people know
this task force exists.
I will not risk further exposure.
not by this.
You'd better hope this motion works.
Agent Keen.
'cause I'm telling you now.
if they put me under oath.
I will not commit perjury
to protect you.
_
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Oh. sorry. man.
Martin! Martin. Come on.
I told you...
Denner sits at 9:00.
I know. I know.
I got everything.
Okay. look.
I don't know what
we're walking into here.
It's no small thing to indict
an active federal agent.
I'm on to something.
She's guilty.
Denner is the perfect guy
to hear this. okay?
He's former
criminal defense attorney.
- former Berkeley law professor.
- Huh.
And he's a staunch proponent
of government transparency.
Well. that's promising.
We're going to five?
Yeah.
They switched the courtroom.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Mr. Markin. Detective.
Step over to the checkpoint.
please.
Where the hell is everybody?
What... What is this?
I'll need you to surrender
your mobile devices.
anything that you have
that can be used
to record
today's proceedings...
Laptops. pens. tablets.
You... You want my pens?
This is crazy.
This will only take a moment.
Judge Denner: I'm afraid I've
been doing this for a while.
but this is certainly a first.
Not only did you switch my courtroom.
you closed it.
And then you closed
the entire floor.
My apologies. Your Honor.
but I trust
the measures we've taken
will indicate how seriously
we take this proceeding
and the threat it poses
to our national security.
So indicated.
That said. I fail to understand
how a routine
grand jury investigation
into a local homicide
justifies a dog-and-pony show
of such dramatic proportions.
Wright: There's nothing routine
about this matter. Your Honor.
On behalf
of the justice department.
I'm here to ask the court
to quash the subpoena
issued to
Assistant Director Cooper
without delay.
For national security reasons. yes...
Such as?
Oh. come on. Ms. Wright.
Don't I even get a ballpark?
"To insulate covert
intelligence capacities"?
"To protect an informant
in an active operational zone"?
With respect.
I don't appreciate your sarcasm. Your Honor.
Really?
Well. here's what I don't appreciate.
counsel.
I don't appreciate
being instructed
as to what will or will not
happen in my courtroom.
Your Honor. if I may...
A citizen of this district
has been brutally murdered...
Not just a citizen.
but a public servant.
a lieutenant
for the Metro P.D.
And the people
have a right to access
and evaluate all evidence...
No. they don't.
We have a fundamental right
to seek justice...
Look.
we are here as a courtesy.
...and we shouldn't have
to take the government's word
for the fact that national
security might be involved.
It's our call to make.
We're not asking
for a second opinion.
You're protecting
a federal agent.
Mr. Markin.
control your witness.
I have a good-faith basis
to believe that Agent Keen
is involved...
Markin: Marty.
[ Gavel bangs ]
- It's a cover-up.
- Enough.
Okay. Ms. Wright.
I take your point.
Somebody has to make the call
as to what does or does not
rise to the level
of a national security concern.
And we agree.
That call should not be made
by the people
or Detective Wilcox
or even a grand jury.
Thank you. Your Honor.
It's my job.
I will hear the
Justice Department's argument
- in chambers.
- Objection!
And if I agree that
national security is endangered.
I will quash the subpoena.
and the investigation
along with it.
You have no authority.
Haven't we had enough
government suppression. counsel?
Haven't we seen what happens
when government's actions
go unchecked?
Now. you decide.
I can hold you and your agents
in contempt
and have my officers
take you into custody.
or you can comply
with my ruling.
Choose. Right now.
You've made a mistake. Richard.
I agree. Reven.
I should've been
a dermatologist.
I will see Agent Keen
in chambers in five minutes.
We're adjourned.
[ Gavel bangs ]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Liz: Thank you.
[ Door opens ]
Agent Keen.
you have the right to an attorney.
but if you do request counsel
or refuse to answer
my questions.
this hearing is over.
and I will determine
if your case should proceed
in open court
based on the facts
already in evidence.
Are we clear to proceed?
Yes. Your Honor.
Raise your right hand
and repeat after me.
I. Elizabeth Keen...
I understand we have a problem.
Agent Keen's testifying
in camera
about the investigation as we speak...
Judge's chambers.
Eugene Ames was a cop.
The judge will want
his murder avenged.
Best case.
she'll be charged as an accessory.
And this task force
will be shut down.
The Major.
Major? What major?
Not a what. Donald. a who...
the next name on the Blacklist.
Have you not been
paying attention
to a word we've been saying?
Agent Keen will be charged...
The Major runs
a finishing school of sorts...
The most reputable of its kind.
He recruits wayward children.
orphans. delinquents. outcasts.
but only boys and girls
of superior intelligence
who exhibit very specific
sociopathic tendencies.
He then cultivates them into charming.
well-educated.
cultured.
attractive adults who are capable
of dangerous
and horrible things.
All that matters is Agent Keen.
Which is why
we must find the Major.
He and I had a rather
significant falling out.
and I can't locate him.
which is why you need
to put me in a room
with the Malaysian
Deputy Minister to the U.N.
You want the FBI
to invite a U.N. diplomat
- to meet with you?
- Of course not.
Inviting him for a chat
with one of your most wanted
criminals would be ludicrous.
You'll need to abduct him.
Okay. hold on.
That's not gonna happen.
Why on earth would...
Because he has secrets
I can exploit.
Listen. I'd snatch him myself.
but time is short.
so. I'm sorry.
you're going to have to do it for me.
You're asking us
to commit a felony.
Call it what you will. Harold.
But if you want
to prevent Agent Keen
from going to prison.
you need to abduct
Deputy Minister Mamat Krishnan.
Minister Krishnan!
Aah! Aah!
[ Vehicle door slams ]
[ Tires squeal ]
Can you please state
your full name and occupation
for the record?
Elizabeth Scott Keen.
I'm a special agent
for the FBI.
And your assignment?
My assignment is classified.
Classified how?
I'm part
of a black-book task force
that investigates cases
brought forward
by a criminal informant.
What informant?
Your Honor. with all respect.
I can't divulge the name...
Agent Keen.
I'm here to determine
whether the work you do
should remain secret.
The burden is on you
to convince me that it should.
If you choose to not even try.
we will be having
this conversation in open court.
- so I need to know...
- Raymond Reddington.
Your source is
Raymond Reddington?
Yes.
I thought Reddington recently
escaped from a black site
and his whereabouts
are unknown.
It was a cover.
He was never captured?
He was captured.
We helped him escape.
Are you telling me a fugitive
on the FBI's most-wanted list
is actually an informant
for the FBI?
Which is why what we do
must remain a secret.
If criminals knew Reddington
was working with the FBI.
then he would be of no value.
How old are you. Agent Keen?
30.
And how long have you been
with the Bureau?
I... I've been a profiler
for 18 months.
So. tell me.
if the work of this task force
really does affect
national security.
why would the FBI pick someone
with as little experience
as you to be on it?
The FBI didn't pick me.
and I didn't want to have
anything to do with it.
You didn't want any part of it.
the FBI didn't pick you.
So how did you
come to be on it?
Reddington chose me.
Why would he choose you?
Why you?
I thought we were here
to talk about Eugene Ames.
What. he just knocked
on your door one day?
No.
He sent a helicopter.
[ Helicopter blades whirring ]
[ Sirens wail ]
I had a very simple life...
A husband I loved. a dog.
It was my first day on the job.
And suddenly.
I was flying over restricted airspace.
They sat me down with
Deputy Director Harold Cooper.
Do you find it odd
Reddington surrendered himself
the day you started
working as a profiler?
I'm sorry.
what does this have to do
with what happened
with Mr. Ames?
Well. as I understand it.
the death of the harbormaster
came in connection with
your work on this task force.
That is true.
but you don't need all
these details to determine...
Tell me about
the first meeting.
With Ames?
With Reddington.
[ Machinery whirs ]
I'd never been so terrified.
We'd studied him at Quantico...
His crimes. his profile.
But when we sat down.
he spoke as if he knew me.
Agent Keen. what a pleasure.
But you said
you didn't know him.
you'd never met him.
Did he. what.
just expect you to believe him?
[ Laughing ]
No. of course not.
I had no idea what he expected.
I'm a criminal.
Criminals are notorious liars.
Everything about me is a lie.
You must have known
how strange all of this was.
Of course I did.
And yet you agreed
to work with him.
Well. he had intel.
He said a girl was going to be taken.
a general's daughter.
We had to act.
And since he would
only talk to me...
Only you?
He insists upon it.
A woman he'd never met.
Like I said.
no one believed me.
And this intel
about the girl...
Was it accurate?
Was she taken?
[ Tires screech ]
[ Screams ]
Yes.
These men are gonna come.
and they're gonna take you.
Are they gonna hurt me?
They're not gonna
hurt you. honey.
I'm gonna find you.
With Reddington's help.
we were able to save her
and prevent
an attack on D.C.
But the cost...
...was...
Tom.
All I wanted was my life back.
but Reddington had other plans.
He told the deputy director
that he had a list of criminals
he could help us find.
and that was only the first.
- Judge Denner: The first what?
- Name... On the list.
He told us.
if we cut him a deal.
that he could help us capture
the kinds of criminals
the FBI can't find because
we don't know they exist.
[ Sighs ]
One day.
you and I will be talking
about this moment
in front of a Senate hearing.
Were you ordered
to work with Reddington?
No.
And he couldn't force you.
So I'm curious...
If he knew nothing about you.
if his implications of some
shared connection were false.
why did you continue?
Because it turns out.
they weren't.
They weren't false.
He knew things about me...
Things I didn't even know...
About my husband at the time.
Whatever connection
he thought we had.
whatever history
he was implying we shared.
I didn't care.
You've discovered
something curious
about your husband.
haven't you. Lizzy?
He wanted me for a reason...
And I wanted to know why.
That man has
diplomatic immunity.
- If anyone finds out...
- They won't.
How can you be so sure?
You need to leave. Donald.
You'd better have
a damned good reason for...
You need to leave.
[ Door closes ]
Let's have a little chat.
_
[ German metal music playing ]
[ Conversing in German ]
_
[ Laughter ]
I don't know what you want.
but you won't
get away with this.
I've always been leery
of the United Nations.
The very concept is
comically dichotomous...
Nations putting
their self-interests aside
in the hopes of building
a global community.
holding hands and Kumbaya?
[ Laughing ]
I mean. honestly. it's like kindergarten.
Do you have rug time?
I did love rug time.
Who are you?
It doesn't matter who I am.
What matters is who you are...
A secret agent
trained by the Major.
working away as
a dedicated public servant.
when. in fact. you're an asset
inserted into your country's
diplomatic corps
by the Sinaloa Cartel
to help them get
a foothold in Asia.
What do you want?
The man who created you...
The Major.
Tell me his location.
or I'll tip the cartel
you've been outed.
Tell me.
does Hernandez remove the tongues
before the executions or after?
Please...
I'm not interested
in your business.
I'm not here to expose you.
I'm only interested
in the Major.
Where is he?
Let's talk about Tom Keen.
You said that Reddington
knew things about him.
What kind of things?
Tom Keen... The man I married.
he was a fiction.
He didn't exist.
But Detective Wilcox says
that you and this fiction
killed Eugene Ames.
That's impossible.
And why is that?
Because Tom Keen died
four months before
Mr. Ames was killed.
Wilcox is under the impression
that your husband
is very much alive.
Did you report his death?
No.
Why not?
Because I killed him.
You killed your husband?
My ex-husband. Yes.
I shot him in self defense.
"He didn't exist."
What does that mean?
The man that I married...
He was perfect.
Tom:
When I'm with you. Liz.
I feel like
I don't need to pretend.
I know that you accept me
for who I really am.
and that is a gift
that I thank God for every day.
He kind. smart. a teacher.
Ha! Ha!
[ Cheering. laughter. applause ]
Or so I thought.
They say love is blind.
I certainly was.
Blind to what?
To the fact that our entire
relationship was a lie.
that my husband was a spy.
The only reason he was with me
was because of my connection
to Reddington.
The connection you say
didn't exist.
I didn't know about it.
but others did.
And you learned your husband
was a spy from Reddington?
Sort of.
I had to find out for myself.
And when you did find out.
what did you do then?
I spied on him.
Interrogated
the people in his life.
tried to find out
who he worked for.
And did you find out?
Not before he realized
that I knew.
How did that conversation go?
It was heated.
Is that when you murdered him?
[ Gunshots ]
I didn't murder him.
His boss. Berlin.
he ordered Tom to abduct me...
Use me as leverage
to get to Reddington.
I had a gun to my head.
That's why I shot him.
- That's convenient.
- What is?
Using your job to justify
shooting your lying husband.
Did Reddington want you
to shoot him?
What difference does it make?
I'm simply pointing out
that shooting your husband
must have been a relief
to both you and Reddington.
No.
you're calling me a murderer.
I'm simply gathering the facts.
You're implying
that my allegiance
is as much with Reddington
than with the task force.
Agent Keen.
what exactly is your relationship. then.
with Raymond Reddington?
He's my C.I..
and if you want
to air that out in open court.
go right ahead.
but do not question where my loyalties lie!
Tell me about this task force...
How it works.
[ Sighs ]
I told you. He has a list.
Of criminals
you don't know exist.
That sounds like
an empty promise.
You'd be surprised.
Humor me.
There was a man
named Milton Bobbit
who devised an ingenious way
to turn terminally ill
patients into assassins.
all while working as an
unassuming insurance adjuster.
The Courier moves high-value
commodities under his skin.
The Alchemist makes people
disappear by changing their DNA.
None of this is possible.
That's what we thought.
How many of these cases
has Reddington given to you?
Man: Yeah!
[ Machine buzzes ]
[ Tires screech ]
[ Gunfire ]
[ Explosion ]
♪ Like a man on the run
♪ I ain't got no place to hide
♪ got one hand on my weapon
♪ pray that God is on my side
♪ your skin looks so cold
♪ your eyes. they rob me blind
♪ but your spell
takes its hold on me ♪
♪ I got mischief on my mind
♪ yeah. hocus pocus
♪ first she's there.
and now she's gone ♪
♪ it's the heist
♪ try your luck
on the roll of the dice ♪
♪ it's the heist
♪ better watch your back.
might take your life ♪
♪ it's the heist
He keeps us busy.
_
[ Over stereo ]
♪ dancin' in the moonlight ♪
♪ everybody's feelin'
warm and bright ♪
[ Tires screech ]
[ Vehicle departs ]
I got nothing to say to you.
You know Agent Keen
is in court today?
She's telling the whole story.
Well. her version of the story.
anyway.
She says she never saw you
on the boat
and that if the harbormaster
turned up dead.
it's because you must
have killed him.
You're lying.
No. she's lying.
We both know it.
But you're the one
who's gonna pay the price.
Look. this is the last chance
I'm gonna give you.
I told you my story already.
Then you recanted.
You could get the death penalty.
Sam.
Man.
I already took a bullet for my troubles.
Ain't no way that I'm gonna get
the death penalty. too.
Nice try.
but you don't have the evidence.
Hold on. hold. on. hold on.
Who shot you?
What?
Your story was.
you caught a stray
walking through Ellwood Park.
But. now.
that's not true. is it?
Not if you
"took a bullet for your troubles."
It was Agent Keen. wasn't it?
Yo. I never said that.
Mm-hmm.
Get a forensic unit to comb over
every inch of that ship.
Tell them to tear up the floor
until they hit water
if they have to.
If there's a shell casing
or a stray bullet.
I want it found.
[ Off-key ]
♪ dancin' in the moonlight
♪ everybody's feelin'
warm and bright ♪
♪ it's such a fine
and natural sight ♪
[ Engine revving ]
♪ It's such a fine
and natural ♪
[ Silenced gunshot ]
♪ Everybody's dancin'
in the moonlight ♪
[ Engine revs ]
♪ We like our fun.
and we never fight ♪
♪ you can't dance
and stay uptight ♪
♪ it's a supernatural deligh♪
[ Horn blares ]
♪ Everybody was dancin'
in the... ♪
You know.
I've never been in a situation like this.
I'm being asked to prevent
a murder investigation
from moving forward...
The murder of a cop. no less...
Based on the grounds that
what you do is so important
it needs to be kept secret
in the name
of national security.
Tell me why you think
I should do that.
Why will our democracy crumble
if the world knows about
the inner workings
of this task force?
It won't. but people will die.
They already have.
The black site
where we operate from...
There was an incursion.
[ Explosion ]
[ Gunfire ]
A mole leaked the information
about what we do.
and as a result.
an extraction team was sent
to abduct Reddington.
He barricaded himself in.
He wouldn't come out.
and the team made good
on their threat to kill
innocents until he did.
[ Gunshot ]
He just let people die?
He didn't care who was killed?
- Except one.
- Who?
Me.
He agreed to come out
when they put a gun to my head.
After that.
Reddington vanished.
He wouldn't come back
into the headquarters
- until the mole was found.
- And who was it?
We don't know for sure.
but Reddington only returned
after the disappearance
of Diane Fowler.
[ Gunshots ]
Are you suggesting that
the former head
of the Criminal Division
at Main Justice was a mole?
- For whom?
- I don't know for sure.
He let agents die. but not you.
This man you're not
in league with.
who's not your friend.
You said before that
Reddington had answers
to questions you
hadn't even thought of.
Has he given you any?
Well... There was a time early on
when I thought.
because of his implications.
that he might be my father.
You didn't know your father?
No.
He died in a fire.
And your mother?
She died when I was young.
The man who raised me.
my adoptive father.
his name was Sam Milhoan.
Does he have a connection
to Reddington?
- Yes.
- What connection?
I-I don't know.
But they knew each other?
[ Muffled shouting ]
Yes. Reddington was there
when my father died.
You've sat here and told me
you had no relationship
with Reddington
before he turned himself in.
and now you're telling me
he was close enough to your father
to be with him when he died?
I didn't say they were close.
We're taking a break.
Wait. why?
You need to think long and hard
about this story
that you're telling.
It's not a story.
This is the truth.
That the man you said
you'd never met.
a notorious criminal.
had a mysterious relationship
with the man who raised you?
- Yes.
- Your dead husband was a spy.
and you never knew
your parents.
and no one's heard
of the criminals you hunt.
and for some reason.
you claim not to know
why you were chosen
to be at the center of it all.
Wait! Wa... I don't...
I don't want to take a break.
I would like to finish
and go home.
[ Door closes ]
You want something
from the vending machine?
This better be important.
You know the rules.
Once you're in. no contact.
You said on the phone
that this was mission-critical.
What's wrong?
Oh.
[ Guns cocking ]
Hands.
[ Door opens ]
Reddington.
What is this?
What do you want?
I want Tom Keen.
Denner: You said
Reddington had a list.
He calls it the Blacklist.
And who maintains it?
Does Harold Cooper
keep track of...
There is no physical list.
The names are all
in Reddington's head.
So they're all random.
No.
I-I don't believe so.
I believe that each case.
each criminal
is somehow part
of a larger agenda.
What agenda?
I can't be sure.
but he always has an angle
for every case.
I know that.
So Reddington is using you
to expand his criminal empire.
No. W-well. yes.
And you're okay with all this?
I wasn't at first.
but as it turns out.
the cases he brings us
are far more valuable
to national security
than what he gets in return.
But Reddington still tailors
individual cases
for his personal gain?
They're not individual.
Some of them are connected.
Connected how?
Reddington got a number
from Wujing.
a code that he entered
into VICAP
after helping us stop
General Ludd
in order to identify
Lucy Brooks.
also known as Jolene Parker.
who he then tracked down using
the Alchemist's client list.
Gina Zanetakos. the Courier...
I believe they all trace back
to one entity.
At first. I thought the cases
were all about getting Berlin.
The man
your husband worked for.
And most of them were.
And. yes. he's using us.
It's true.
But in the process.
we've been able to capture
and kill a number of high-value targets.
including Berlin.
And I thought
that was the end game.
but as it turns out.
Reddington has other agendas.
And all of those
are connected somehow?
I can't know for sure. but. yes.
I imagine they're connected.
Like his recent arrest
in Hong Kong.
The cover story.
He wanted to be captured.
It's all a part of his quest
to find something he calls
"The Fulcrum."
The Fulcrum.
It's a blackmail file.
And before you decide
whether or not
to discuss what we know
in open court.
you should know that.
according to Reddington.
the Fulcrum
is proof of the existence
of a clandestine organization.
and if its activities
were made public.
a number
of very powerful people
would go to prison
or be executed.
You say that
like it's a bad thing.
We don't know if
what Reddington alleges is true.
and until we can confirm
his allegations.
until we find the proof.
the only people
who would benefit
from the Fulcrum
being publicized
are the criminals
it identifies.
So. Hong Kong...
Did Reddington find this Fulcrum?
No.
And does he have some other
ideas about how to locate it?
Yes... Through me.
You?
That's what I've come
to believe
is the real reason he
surrendered in the first place.
- asked for me.
- And let me guess...
This comes as
a complete surprise to you.
Absolutely.
The same way
you were completely surprised
when he asked for you.
Yes.
And the way you found out
that your husband was a spy.
I'm sorry. You're right.
You're absolutely right.
I should have known
that when my husband and I
were planning family
that he was. in fact. a traitor
who had installed surveillance
cameras in my bedroom!
Of course
I should have been aware
that the number four
on the FBI's most wanted list
would turn himself in
and demand to speak only to me!
God.
what a horrible profiler I must be
to have missed the fact
that I am central
to the discovery
of a blackmail file
that will tilt
the balance of power in...
Let me phrase this right...
The entire world!
Wow! I suck!
[ Drawer opens. closes ]
I think we've gotten
a little off topic.
Regarding Mr. Ames.
according to Detective Wilcox.
you said that you were
on official business
when you encountered Mr. Ames
on the ship the Phoenix.
As I told the detective.
I was there looking for a fugitive.
Fugitives...
From Cumberland.
FBI.
We're searching for two fugitives
escaped from Cumberland
last night.
I never said Cumberland.
and I was only looking for one man...
Samuel Aleko.
He had a warrant out
for his arrest.
and I had reason to believe
that he was hiding out
on the Phoenix.
In what way
is Mr. Aleko connected
to the business
of your task force?
He had been an informant
for a colleague of mine
who was killed in the line of duty...
Meera Malik.
I was hoping
I could cut a deal with Aleko
and have him inform for me.
Mr. Aleko says
you're lying.
- In his statement...
- Which he recanted.
He says that you kept
your ex-husband hostage
on the Phoenix for four months
- and that you interrogated him there.
- That's not true.
How often did you communicate
with Berlin?
- I want a name.
- My name is Jacob Phelps.
Did you murder Jolene Parker?
Why you?
Have you spied on others?
Is this...
What do you know
about Reddington?
And when Mr. Ames found out
what you were doing.
you and your husband
conspired to kill him.
[ Chains clanking ]
No!
[ Man gagging ]
It's better this way. Let him do it.
Get off me!
Get your hands off me!
Tom. stop!
As I told you.
my ex-husband is dead.
Perhaps I should remind you
that you're under oath.
that the only evidence
against me is circumstantial.
So it's your word against his?
If I were holding my ex-husband
hostage and Mr. Ames found him.
the last thing Tom would do
is kill him.
the one man who could alert the
authorities and set him free.
It makes no sense.
Yes. it's my word against his.
Not entirely.
Okay. Send him in.
I'm going to check your story
out with your boss.
Good. I have no doubt
that Deputy Director Cooper
will confirm my accounts.
Well.
we should know soon enough.
Mr. Cooper is right outside.
For the moment. Agent Keen.
I think we're finished.
Director Cooper. if you will.
Look. I told you what happened
with Tom Keen.
This is not my fault.
You vouched for him personally.
Bill.
I hired him
on your recommendation.
The merchandise was defective.
No.
Keen was perfect...
Test scores. aptitude.
There was no indication he would
become emotionally involved.
But he did.
He hasn't been in contact.
Cut the crap. Bill.
You acquired Tom Keen
when he was a boy.
You trained him to be
a deep-cover operative.
It's all he's ever done.
It's all he knows.
When one operation ends.
he comes back to you
for another.
Not this time.
Mamat and I have come to
something of an understanding.
He gets to remain alive and well.
still Deputy Minister.
and I get you.
I'm equally hopeful you and I
can arrive at a mutually
beneficial solution.
Even if I knew where he was.
I wouldn't tell you.
Keen's betrayal cost me dearly
in time. money. lives.
Some of the people closest to me
are now dead
because of Tom Keen.
If I gave you his location.
I'd have to betray a client.
That shouldn't be hard. Bill.
You betrayed me.
You sold me an asset
and then allowed him to turn
when Berlin offered you
twice as much.
You're in debt to me.
Recognize this
rather fortuitous opportunity
for you to begin
to make things even.
Where can I find Tom Keen?
Denner: I have been listening
to Elizabeth Keen
describe the work
of your task force.
and I have many questions.
but it's safe to say there's
only one I need to put to you.
and that question is.
as her boss.
can you tell me if Agent Keen
was on that boat. the Phoenix.
in her official capacity
as an FBI agent.
or was she there.
as appears far more likely to me.
for personal reasons
that had nothing to do
with the work of your task force
and the FBI?
I understand you need
to ask me the question.
but I assume
it's only to confirm
what Agent Keen
has already told you...
That she has addressed this
and eliminated any need
for me to testify under oath.
No.
Agent Keen put you
directly on the hot seat.
She not only said that she
was there on official business.
she specifically said
on the record
that you would confirm this.
Now. I know this must
be difficult for you.
Agent Keen is one of your own.
and your instinct
is to be loyal to her.
But she put herself
in this position.
and I strongly advise you
to not commit perjury
- to protect her from...
- Yes.
Yes. what?
Yes. Agent Keen was on that ship.
the Phoenix.
as part of the official duties
of our task force.
You're walking down a very
dangerous road here. Director.
You understand that
if you perjure yourself...
You asked me a question.
and I answered it.
Are we finished?
I can push you for specifics.
As I understand it.
your job is to determine
whether a grand jury
should go forward on this issue.
Now. if you want
to put me before them.
have me answer their questions.
fine.
But I have answered
the one question
you said you wanted me
to answer.
So if there's nothing else...
Director Cooper.
Something tells me we will
be speaking again soon.
[ Knock on door ]
What do you got?
- Let me see it.
- Found it lodged in the ship's hull.
There it is.
Have ballistics run it against
Agent Keen's service weapon.
- She surrendered it when she
entered the courthouse. - Got it.
Have the lab process the blood
to look for a DNA match
to Aleko.
I'm gonna need results fast.
Man: Yes. sir.
[ German metal music playing ]
_
Red: Well. that went as well
as could be expected.
We got a lead on Keen
and an invitation
to sit in the Minister's box
at next year's Slasher Cup.
Cultural peculiarities
notwithstanding.
I find cockfighting
to be abominable.
However. truth be told.
I do love fried chicken.
You need to tell her. Raymond.
Tell her what?
About Tom.
You should have told her
some time ago.
I don't know how do that.
Dembe.
Yes. you do.
You tell her the truth
by telling her everything.
I don't think I can do that.
Maybe you should stop
thinking about it and do it.
Sorry to interrupt. Your Honor.
- This couldn't wait.
- What am I looking at?
A discharged bullet
found at the scene.
It's a match
to Agent Keen's firearm.
Trace amounts
of Samuel Aleko's blood
were found on the casing.
- When did you find this?
- Wilcox: Five hours ago.
Your Honor. this is...
This is direct physical evidence
that Agent Keen
lied to the court.
She says that she never saw
Mr. Aleko on that ship.
but that can't be reconciled
with the fact that a bullet
fired from her gun
passed through
Mr. Aleko's body
and was found on the ship
with his blood on it.
It's proof that she's trying to
cover up the truth. Your Honor.
and the truth
is that Elizabeth Keen
killed Eugene Ames.
Sync. corrected by icephoenix
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org